Let's do another challenge, and
I would like for everybody to generate
not only the data, but the state,
so do it exactly the same way.
Generate the service and
then when we get back,
we are going to do something fun.
So just a few simple commands,
they're all in on the site, or.
Bonus time, it's Christmas.
I can't believe I forgot to tell,
I was so excited about this.
If you go into the root of this project,
there is some snippets
that I've put in here that
this alone was worth
the price of admission,
I thought the Template Wizard was cool.
But if you are looking for
somewhat opinionated snippets for
you to pull out into use, you're welcome.
All right, so
we're gonna generate the data and
the state lives and
generate the data service for your entity.
Any questions?
>> On that we made at
the start on interfaces?
>> Was that?
One that we made and-
>> So ideally, whatever we defined in
the interface, we're going to build
some semblance of a future slice and
some functionality around
that by the end of the day.
So a lot of the CLI stuff is just,
it comes down to just memorizing,
or at least becoming
familiar with the API.
But I could run this command if you
gave me a list of twenty entities,
in fact,
I'll just show it to you real quick.
The reason why I'm not doing
it today is because there's
this a sync error that kind of blows up.
The idea is all these commands,
you can stack these
all together and
just drop them into a shell script.
And just feature domain modeling or
domain models, and
generate your entire application,
and go home for lunch and
then go play golf because you've just done
the work of six developers, circa 1997.
Who am I kidding?
2014, so, for all my government
employee friends over here,
I just gave you the key
to the golf kingdom.
Yeah, just value,
just that's what I'm here for.
All right, lemme just jump into
these commands real quick.
So, NPX, NX, because I don't
have NX installed globally.
Generating a library,
I'm calling it workshops data, and
I'm putting it into the leaves
workshop data directory.
I'm doing standalone false
because it generates,
when they moved and I'll talk
about this a little bit later, but
angular is moving to a stand alone API.
Which is moving away from modules and
it's now becoming component and
route centric.
But in the case of what,
if you're generating a service
you can inject right into route and
you don't need a module at all.
You don't need anything, and so,
if I'm generating a service,
I typically do it standalone false and
I just throw everything away.
So, project name and root format.
So as provided, a lot of this,
so just kind of a pro tip,
I will do other things for
periods of time.
And so, I'll sit down, and it's like,
I haven't actually touched NX in a while,
maybe eight weeks or something.
And because it is dynamic,
the API has changed.
And so, I will spend a lot of
time just kinda poking around and
just finding and
working out the secret handshake.
Now, in Visual Studio Code and
now in IntelliJ products,
you can actually install NX Console, which
is kind of the equivalent of ClickOps.
I prefer working command line, but just to
see what's happening, that's a great tool.
So, pretty simple here,
we're just gonna pretend to,
this is probably gonna blow up
because I already have it, yep.
So, I think we get the point though.
It's commands, turtles, all the way down.